debug-container.yaml description (#3392)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/scripts/resources/README.md

├── kube-dns-stub-domains-patch.yaml                          # Enables the build.kyma-project.io stubdomain and provides Google root DNS servers IPs.
├── limitrange-patch.yaml                                     # Increases the kyma-system Namespace maximum memory request for containers.
├── prometheus-operator-stackdriver-patch.yaml                # Injects the Stackdriver collector sidecar, sets metric filters, and enables scraping Stackdriver target.
├── prometheus-operator-additional-scrape-config.yaml         # Additional scrape configuration for Prometheus operator.
└── debug-container.yaml                                      # Create pod and configmap for collecting memory related statistics for k8s node and containers.
```

## Prometheus operator additional scrape configuration

Prometheus operator expects to have additional scrape configuration provided as a Secret. This Secret is appended to the Prometheus scrape config file.
Additional scrape config allows you to add scrape targets outside automatic scrape targets discovery mechanisms.
It is administrator's responsibility to provide syntactically correct scrape configuration.

> ## Troubleshoot OOM events with debug-container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshoot OOM events with debug-container
```

> Standard OOM events logged in os logs and k8s node events provide details about allocated memory, PID and process name which was killed to release memory. Killed process, due to OOM activity not always is the same which consume too much memory. Even if killed process is the one which consumed too much memory, it's hard to match its name with pods running on k8s node. For that purpose use a debug-container.yaml. It contains configmap with bash script and pod where this script is running. A pod is able to access host `/proc` and `/sys` filesystems and docker daemon socket. Once scheduled, it will collect host and running containers memory stats. Apart memory stats, for all containers it will collect container PID, container name and all PIDs belong to the same cgroup. Collected data should be copied to the artifacts directory on GCP bucket with prowjob logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard OOM events logged in the OS logs and k8s node events provide details about the allocated memory, PID, and the process name which was killed to release memory. Handling OOM events may result in killing a process different than the one which consumed too much memory. Even if the killed process is the one which consumed too much memory, it's difficult to match its name with pods running on k8s Node. For that purpose, use the `debug-container.yaml` file. It contains a ConfigMap with bash script and a pod where this script is running. A pod is able to access the host's `/proc` and `/sys` filesystems and the docker daemon socket. Once scheduled, it will collect the host, running containers memory stats, container PID, container name for all containers, and all PIDs that belong to the same cgroup. Collected data should be copied to the `artifacts` directory on GCP bucket with ProwJob logs.
```

> Example output from oom-debug conatiner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example output from oom-debug container.
```

```
...
Thu Mar 11 12:25:56 UTC 2021
Host memory stats
memory.capacity_in_bytes: 16796868608
memory.usage_in_bytes: 6298832896
memory.total_inactive_file: 4770684928
memory.working_set: 1528147968
memory.available_in_bytes: 15268720640
memory.available_in_kb: 14910860
memory.available_in_mb: 14561
Containers
[11098] Container PID and name: 11098:/k8s_POD_node-problem-detector-hzhkg_kube-system_3b9dd357-e9db-4fbc-811c-dcf4df6a2418_3
[11098] Container memory.usage_in_bytes: 835584
[11098] Container memory.max_usage_in_bytes: 8548352
[11098] Container memory.limit_in_bytes: 9223372036854771712
[11098] Container memory.usage_percentage: 0
[11098] Container memory.max_usage_percentage: 0
[11098] cgroup processes: 11098
...
```
### How to use debug-container

> First apply debug-container.yaml to start pod. This should immediately follow cluster creation command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First apply `debug-container.yaml` to start the pod. This should immediately follow the cluster creation command.
```

```
# run oom debug pod
kubectl apply -f "${TEST_INFRA_SOURCES_DIR}/prow/scripts/resources/debug-container.yaml"
```

> Next copy script output to *$ARTIFACTS* location. This should be run from cleanup function to call it for success and failed prowjobs executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, copy the script output to the `$ARTIFACTS` location. To see both completed and failed ProwJobs, run the script from the cleanup function.
```
Also, how to run a script from the cleanup function? I'm not sure about this one sentence, but maybe I'm just not aware how it works.
